docs: mention escaping of curly braces (#8560)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/02-template-syntax/02-basic-markup.md

{expression}
```

> Curly braces can be included by using their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curly braces can be included by using their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings: `&lbrace;`, `&lcub;`, or `&#123;` for `{` and `&rbrace;`, `&rcub;`, or `&#125;` for `}`.
```

> Curly braces can be included in the HTML by using their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Curly braces can be included by using their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.
```

> 
> ```svelte
> <p>&#123; in curly braces &#123; &lbrace; in curly braces &rbrace; or &lcub; in curly braces &rcub;</p>
> <p>&#123; it also works only escaping the start curly brace }</p>
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<div>{/^[A-Za-z ]+$/.test(value) ? x : y}</div>
```

> To include regular curly braces in the HTML, use their [HTML Entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To include regular curly braces in the HTML, use their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.
```

> To include regular curly braces in the HTML, use their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Curly braces can be included in the HTML by using their [HTML entity](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Glossary/Entity) strings.
```
